The Flovepal aims to bring the art of Agriculture to every doorstep and to every terrace. With our comprehensive plant health maintaining technologies and with the automatic plant watering systems which are completely favorable for the modern house styles. these days many families face the problem of not being able to contribute their time to the plants growing in their backyard or on their terrace which made them less interactive with the plants as well as co humans. our ain motive is to make them fell the bond with plants again so they can learn to rely on the plants for emotional support as well as for food which they need on daily basis and that too healthy food.

From my young age, I always loved the colour green. But with changing times, the surroundings bore that colour lesser day by day. When i researched why this brings me so much sadness, that's when I found out that it is not only me who faces mental disturbannces but every human who has feelings does feel it. but they donot realise it. They think of other reasons and satisfy themselves. Researches proved that the colour green can bring calmness and stability to one's mind. If we donot have that color in our daily life, it can give us depression, overthinking and so on. To tackle this problem i developed this product which can eliminate all the complications that one have so that they can no longer pose it as a reason to not have green plants in their house. This also helps us solve the problem of depriving oxygen and deforestation to create a self-sustaining environment where we can live peacefully.

The IOT based product that we have is far more advanced than the currently existing products as it is A.I. compatible which can help us monitor the health condition of the plant without any human intervention. This can self-sustain for 6 months once filled with water and charge. This can take care of a whole garden depending upon the user's desire.

We are planning to use the 3d printing technology to build our product because it is fast, durable and completely reliable. We planned on using ESP32 which has the option of deep sleep which can help the battery last longer. we planned on using channel relays which can help us monitor many devices simultaneously. 
We are going to use PCB design for the circuit so that the finished product can have a decent look and complete feel.
